Hey guys, welcome back to the channel. Fabrizio. Romano is always to keep you. Posted on the transfer market and all the latest today we have several updates. As always we will talk about,. Barcelona,. May. United,. Mecano e more let's jump. And here we are guys, always with updates, always with stories, always with things Comment, with some scenario on the market, especially for managers, with things.

Happening because there are,. things happening in terms of contracts. And still big on the market, let me start with. Rodrigo. Bentancourt,. Uruguai,. Target several in Italy in Spain decided to sign contract at Tottenham. Hotspur. the agreement is done is signed a long term deal for. Rodrigo. Bentancourt. Who is staying at Tottenham is gonna be,. Part of the project, long term project. At Tottenham.

Hotspur also with. Thomas. Frankie really appreciated by the board. And all the people at the club and Rodrigo. Bentancourt stays at Tottenham. And science a New. Deal at the club. Everything is completed and it's an important. News and important update obviously for. Spurs. Talking about contrast guys,. I wanted to mention that there are some. Updates on Frankie de Jong, because as reported by sport,.

Frankie de Jong. Is set to sign contract at Barcelona. it's over for all the speculation on Frankie de Jong, leaving maybe. Barca. In summer twenty twenty six, leaving as, Every agent maybe after,. Many stories on Frankie de Jong always,. But weak is an important player. Frankie de Jong even when we had all the stories on Manchester. United when was the manager. Frankie always wanted to stay at Barcelona, he loves the club, he loves.

The city, he feels very comfortable in Barcelona, and now is really. Important play with this new idea of football brought the new. German coach. Frankie de Jong wants to stay,. Frankie de Jong sign contract in Thebal agreement is done. now they are exchanging all the documents lawyers player and clubside, to. Get a new deal signed as soon as possible. On clubside is already Barcelona already approved everything and.

Counter signed everything,. Depends on Frankie de Jong the timing,. But the decision is already made. Frankie sign contra. Barcelona will be val until. June twenty. Twenty-nine,. Frankie de Jong at Barcelona and everything verbally. Agreed. we just wait for the formal steps for the official pictures, for. The documents to be approved for the official statement. all the procedure. That follows a verbal agreement,.

But. Frankie de Jong will be part of Barcelona. Project and. I think he's an excellent news for. Barca, and especially part. Of the. Deco project,. I always mention to you this,. But the new. Director of. Barcelona, now is a few years that there,. But he's doing an important. Job on extending the contract, that's really really really important for. Deco. Just try to calculate how many contacts the extended in Barcelona.

In in the recent, maybe in the last twelve months, maybe or contracts. Barcelona is really important to keep control the players have at the club. To make sure they are comfortable. At the club andar correct for. Barcelona financial play. And. deal done for. Frankie. The Young. My questions. I'm getting guys is on Manchester. United and manager situation,. What happens if United lose this weekend? guys at the moment what.

I can tell you is that. Manchester United is not prepared. Anything in case lose against. Sunderland. May United don't have an agreement with another coach,. May. United have. Not officially contacted any other coach,. Manchester. United are not in. Conversation in conversation with. Gareth. Southgate despite the reports. I told you several times,. Southgate an excellent relationship with. Ios,. But it.

Doesn't mean that is already agreed, it is already advanced. that's the situation. And at the moment for. Manchester. United guys,. I can tell you that. The situation is still the same. Focus on the games, support. Ruben. Amorim, try to get results because Situation can't be safe for the. Portuguese manager,. But at the moment my Not prepared something,. that. Sunday something can already happen if they lose.

The game against. Sunderland this weekend. M United keep focusing on the games and supporting the coach. Then we have to see what happens. But at the moment they have not prepared,. An emergency a contingency plan in case they lose the game this weekend. keep supporting. Ruben. Amorim as their coach. O Manchester. United guys will not go to. That's another update. I can give you in general on the manager's market,.

Because Aliti had thought of four managers to replace. Laurent. Blanc,. They had conversations with. Luciano. Spalletti, they had conversations. With Xvi, they had conversations with. Roger. Smith, former. Benfica. Manager and they had conversations,. Sergio Conse race is Sergio. Conse immediately to an agreement on the. Contract lawyers club documents of the contract should be a Sergio. Conse. Conse will be the boss of and that's an important important club.

Etihad. After the league last season, coach important players. Karim. Benzema,. it's important to mention. That for. Xavi. Hernandez,. Premier. League remains an ideal destination. Xavi, I can confront to you would love to work in Premier. League one day. And. that day is as soon as possible,. Xavi would be very happy about that. Let's see what's gonna happen there,. But trust me Chavi is studying the.

Premier. League, Chavi is ready to return as soon as possible, maybe it's gonna be in. Spain, in England, in Italy, whatever. Chavis feels ready and studying the. Premier. League. for sure Chavi will be more than happy to have an. Opportunity in England, we see,. What's gonna happen there. But the manager mar continues to move. Sergio Fabio. Cannavaro, former. Ballon d'or, going to be manager of Uzbekistan.

I don't know if we have some. Uzbekistan friend on our channel on YouTube,. Fabio Cannavaro will be the new head coach at the. World. Cup with. Uzbekistan. And then guys,. I wanted to close this video talking about. Upamano. Talking about. Upamecano because. Upamecano is one of the big names out. Of contact in summer twenty twenty-five, sorry in summer twenty twenty-six. and. Bayern keep insisting.

Bayern remain in contact with the agents of Upamecano, the agreement to extend. Contract was very close around let's say end of March beginning of April. Then they continue to discussos and at the moment they are still. Working on that because obviously when you're getting closer to the. The the the the the actual contract,. It's also normal that other clubs, can start thinking about the opportunity.

Of an important defenderano. Superano has to do. he wants to stay at Bayern and reach an agreement final. Details of salary with. Bayern. With Bayern. Director insisting a lot to keep-. Upamecano because they really. Believe in him, because. Vincent. Company is a big fan of the player,. Are pushing to extend this contract and their financial proposal is on the table,. O U Mano wants to listen clubs, there is interest from.

English,. Spanish,. Italian clubs,. obviously many big clubs are considering this opportunity. But Bayern still have the ball in their court. They have a proposal on the table, they are working on this. And they are still talking with the agano,. Bayern are busy with it. But for sure it's gonna be an interesting situation to follow, because it's one. Of the big names potentially available on a free in twenty twenty-six, depends.

On Bayern had the opportunity to close the deal in April, they didn't because. There were some details to fix it went longer than expected, and when this. Happens, it can happen clubs start trying to understand the situation. But again at the moment. Bayer still have the opportunity to. Extend and that's they clear. guys thoughts on all the stories. Frankie de Jong,. Tancur,. Ruben. Amorim,. Sergio, umano, opinion guys this video, subscribe channel.

See you soon.